+++
title = "COCO-GAN: Conditional Coordinate Generative Adversarial Network"
date = 2018-09-28
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["***Chieh Hubert Lin***", "Chia-Che Chang", "Yu-Sheng Chen", "Da-Cheng Juan", "Wei Wei", "Hwann-Tzong Chen"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["3"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Open Review"
publication_short = "Open Review"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Recent advancements on Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) have inspired a wide range of works that generate synthetic images. However, current processes have to generate an entire image at once, and therefore resolutions are limited by memory or computational constraints. In this work, we propose __**CO**__nditional __**CO**__ordinate GAN (COCO-GAN), which generates a specific patch of an image conditioned on a spatial position rather than the entire image at a time. The generated patches are later combined together to form a globally coherent full-image. We show that the images generated by COCO-GAN can achieve competitive quality to state-of-the-art models, and the generated patches are locally smooth between consecutive neighbors without any post-processing. COCO-GAN unveils the potential of generating high-quality images under conditional coordinated generation and creates a new research direction on spatial separability. Owing to the spatially separable property, COCO-GAN is highly parallelable and enables the next step toward large field-of-view data generation with a built-in divide-and-conquer strategy."
abstract_short = "The first paper discovers and investigates the spatial separable property of GANs via conditional coordinating."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = ["Generative Adversarial Networks", "Computer Vision"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = true

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder. 
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = "The first paper discovers and investigates the spatial separable property of GANs via conditional coordinating."

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = "Center"


+++
